#labels Featured
=Q & A=
----

==Why screenshots and manpages are not exactly the same as what I see in the program?==
Yeah, some are based on older versions, but not a big deal.

Also note that the command list in the manpage is only a subset.


==So where is the full command list?==

In scanmem see `help`, and you may also want to try `help option`. Don't worry, the nice pager 'more' is embedded.

In GameConqueror, just see the tooltip of the label "Value:" -- yeah, that's basically the same of what you see in scanmem. Also don't forget to check the tooltips of other controls. 


==I still don't know how to hack my game!==
Check [Tutorial] for a guide of how to use scanmem, although the example there is based on a old version of scanmem, and I don't want to update it because that should be enough and nice!

But you are encouraged to use GameConqueror for more complicated tasks, unless you are cool with commands, but remember that GameConqueror provides more! 

Also check [http://www.cheatengine.org/ CheatEngine] for more information. GameConqueror is designed to be similar as CheatEngine, and aims to provide basic functions of CheatEngine.

For general game cheating/hacking techniques, well there are many forums, check them out. 


==Why run as root?==

ptrace is recently being protected in some OSes.

For example, Ubuntu 10.10, see:
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Roadmap/KernelHardening#ptrace%20Protection

Normal user may no longer be able to attach other non-child processes.